docs/cli/farm.md, before:

---
Title: Farm Description: A high-level overview of how the command-line interfaces (CLI) works for the farm module.
---

# Farm Module

## Synopsis

This document provides a high-level overview of how the command line (CLI)
interface works for the `farm` module. To set up a local testing environment, it requires the latest
[Ignite CLI](https://docs.ignite.com/). If you don't have Ignite CLI set up in your local machine,
see [this guide](https://docs.ignite.com/guide/install.html) to install it. Run this command under the project root
directory
`$ ignite chain serve -v -c config-test.yml`.

Note that [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) is recommended to be installed as it is used to process JSON throughout
the document.

## Command Line Interfaces

- [Transaction](#transaction)
  - [CreatePrivatePlan](#createprivateplan)
  - [Farm](#tx-farm)
  - [Unfarm](#unfarm)
  - [Harvest](#harvest)
- [Query](#query)
  - [Params](#params)
  - [Plans](#plans)
  - [Plan](#plan)
  - [Farm](#query-farm)
  - [Positions](#positions)
  - [Position](#position)
  - [HistoricalRewards](#historicalrewards)
  - [AllRewards](#allrewards)
  - [Rewards](#rewards)

### Transaction

#### CreatePrivatePlan

Create a new private farming plan.

Usage:

```bash
create-private-plan [description] [start-time] [end-time] [reward-allocations...]
```

| **Argument**          | **Description**                                      |
|:----------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|
| description           | a brief description of the plan                      |
| start-time            | the time at which the plan begins, in RFC3339 format |
| end-time              | the time at which the plan ends, in RFC3339 format   |
| reward-allocations... | whitespace-separated list of the reward allocations  |

Where a reward allocation is represented in following format:
`<pair-id>:<rewards-per-day>`

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm create-private-plan \
"New Farming Plan" \
2022-01-01T00:00:00Z \
2023-01-01T00:00:00Z \
1:10000stake 2:5000stake,1000uatom \
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query plans using the following command
squad q farm plans -o json | jq
```

<h4 id="tx-farm">Farm</h4>

Start farming coin.

Usage:

```bash
farm [coin]
```

| **Argument** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|
| coin         | Coin to farm    |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm farm 1000000pool1
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query positions of the farmer using the following command
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Unfarm

Unfarm farming coin.

Usage:

```bash
unfarm [coin]
```

| **Argument** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|
| coin         | Coin to unfarm  |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm unfarm 1000000pool1
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query positions of the farmer using the following command
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Harvest

Harvest farming rewards.

Usage:

```bash
harvest [denom]
```

| **Argument** | **Description**                     |
|:-------------|:------------------------------------|
| denom        | Pool coin denom to withdraw rewards |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm harvest pool1
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query account balances using the following command
squad q bank balances cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

### Query

#### Params

Query the current farm parameters.

Usage:

```bash
params
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm params -o json | jq
```

#### Plans

Query all plans.

Usage:

```bash
plans
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm plans -o json | jq
```

#### Plan

Query a specific plan.

Usage:

```bash
plan [plan-id]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm plan 1 -o json | jq
```

<h4 id="query-farm">Farm</h4>

Query a specific farm for the denom.

Usage:

```bash
farm [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm farm pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### Positions

Query all the positions managed by the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
positions [farmer]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Position

Query a specific position managed by the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
position [farmer] [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm position cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### HistoricalRewards

Query all historical rewards for the denom.

Usage:

```bash
historical-rewards [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm historical-rewards pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### AllRewards

Query all rewards accumulated for the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
all-rewards [farmer]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm all-rewards cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Rewards

Query rewards accumulated for the farmer under the denom.

Usage:

```bash
rewards [farmer] [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm rewards cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v pool1 -o json | jq
```

Commit message:

fix: apply code review suggestions
- change account addresses in docs
- add missing backslashes
- add more descriptions to docs and tx command

docs/cli/farm.md, after:

---
Title: Farm Description: A high-level overview of how the command-line interfaces (CLI) works for the farm module.
---

# Farm Module

## Synopsis

This document provides a high-level overview of how the command line (CLI)
interface works for the `farm` module. To set up a local testing environment, it requires the latest
[Ignite CLI](https://docs.ignite.com/). If you don't have Ignite CLI set up in your local machine,
see [this guide](https://docs.ignite.com/guide/install.html) to install it. Run this command under the project root
directory
`$ ignite chain serve -v -c config-test.yml`.

Note that [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) is recommended to be installed as it is used to process JSON throughout
the document.

Make sure that the pairs specified in the plan's reward allocations have the
last price in order to create plans.
You can make some orders to the pairs after creating pools in the pair to
achieve this.

## Command Line Interfaces

- [Transaction](#transaction)
  - [CreatePrivatePlan](#createprivateplan)
  - [Farm](#tx-farm)
  - [Unfarm](#unfarm)
  - [Harvest](#harvest)
- [Query](#query)
  - [Params](#params)
  - [Plans](#plans)
  - [Plan](#plan)
  - [Farm](#query-farm)
  - [Positions](#positions)
  - [Position](#position)
  - [HistoricalRewards](#historicalrewards)
  - [AllRewards](#allrewards)
  - [Rewards](#rewards)

### Transaction

#### CreatePrivatePlan

Create a new private farming plan.
The newly created plan's farming pool address is automatically generated and
will have no balances in the account initially.
Manually send enough reward coins to the generated farming pool address to make
sure that the rewards allocation happens.
The plan's termination address is set to the plan creator.

Usage:

```bash
create-private-plan [description] [start-time] [end-time] [reward-allocations...]
```

| **Argument**          | **Description**                                      |
|:----------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|
| description           | a brief description of the plan                      |
| start-time            | the time at which the plan begins, in RFC3339 format |
| end-time              | the time at which the plan ends, in RFC3339 format   |
| reward-allocations... | whitespace-separated list of the reward allocations  |

Where a reward allocation is represented in following format:
`<pair-id>:<rewards-per-day>`

Note that the example below assumes that pair 1 and pair 2 exist.

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm create-private-plan \
"New Farming Plan" \
2022-01-01T00:00:00Z \
2023-01-01T00:00:00Z \
1:10000stake 2:5000stake,1000uatom \
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query plans using the following command
squad q farm plans -o json | jq
```

<h4 id="tx-farm">Farm</h4>

Start farming coin.

Usage:

```bash
farm [coin]
```

| **Argument** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|
| coin         | Coin to farm    |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm farm 1000000pool1 \
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query positions of the farmer using the following command
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Unfarm

Unfarm farming coin.

Usage:

```bash
unfarm [coin]
```

| **Argument** | **Description** |
|:-------------|:----------------|
| coin         | Coin to unfarm  |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm unfarm 1000000pool1 \
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query positions of the farmer using the following command
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Harvest

Harvest farming rewards.

Usage:

```bash
harvest [denom]
```

| **Argument** | **Description**                     |
|:-------------|:------------------------------------|
| denom        | Pool coin denom to withdraw rewards |

Example:

```bash
squad tx farm harvest pool1 \
--chain-id localnet \
--from alice \
--keyring-backend test \
--broadcast-mode block \
--yes \
--output json | jq

#
# Tips
#
# You can query account balances using the following command
squad q bank balances cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

### Query

#### Params

Query the current farm parameters.

Usage:

```bash
params
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm params -o json | jq
```

#### Plans

Query all plans.

Usage:

```bash
plans
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm plans -o json | jq
```

#### Plan

Query a specific plan.

Usage:

```bash
plan [plan-id]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm plan 1 -o json | jq
```

<h4 id="query-farm">Farm</h4>

Query a specific farm for the denom.

Usage:

```bash
farm [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm farm pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### Positions

Query all the positions managed by the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
positions [farmer]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm positions cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Position

Query a specific position managed by the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
position [farmer] [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm position cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### HistoricalRewards

Query all historical rewards for the denom.

Usage:

```bash
historical-rewards [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm historical-rewards pool1 -o json | jq
```

#### AllRewards

Query all rewards accumulated for the farmer.

Usage:

```bash
all-rewards [farmer]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm all-rewards cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v -o json | jq
```

#### Rewards

Query rewards accumulated for the farmer under the denom.

Usage:

```bash
rewards [farmer] [denom]
```

Example:

```bash
squad q farm rewards cosmos1zaavvzxez0elundtn32qnk9lkm8kmcszzsv80v pool1 -o json | jq
```
