x/mint/spec/04_params.md, before:

<!--
order: 4
-->

# Parameters

The `mint` module contains the following parameters:

| Key                  | Type                | Example |
|----------------------|---------------------|---------|
| mint_denom           | string              | "stake" |
| block_time_threshold | time.duration       | "10s"   |
| inflation_schedules  | []InflationSchedule |         |

## MintDenom

MintDenom is the denomination of the coin to be minted.

## BlockTimeThreshold

It is a parameter to prevent from inflationary manipulation attacks. Although it is highly unlikely to happen, block time manipulation can be possible with a group of malicious validators who have enough voting power. In case block time delays, `BlockTimeThreshold` will be used for `BlockDurationForInflation` to calculate inflation amount for the block. If the `BlockDurationForInflation` is greater than `BlockTimeThreshold`, the block generates with `BlockTimeThreshold` value. Therefore, it is possible that the actual minted amount is less than the defined inflation schedule amount.

## InflationSchedules

It is a list of inflation schedules to mint coins to be sent to the fee collector account. Each `InflationSchedule` defines start time, end time, and an amount of inflation. The start and end times of inflation schedules can't overlap from one another. While `StartTime` is inclusive of the current time, `EndTime` is exclusive. And, `Amount` for each schedule must be greater than the amount that is converted by subtracting the `EndTime` from the `StartTime` in seconds. Reference the `squad/x/mint/types/params.go` to fully understand them.

```go
type InflationSchedule struct {
	// start_time defines the start date time for the inflation schedule
    StartTime time.Time
	// end_time defines the end date time for the inflation schedule
    EndTime   time.Time
	// amount defines the total amount of inflation for the schedule
    Amount    sdk.Int
}
```

Example of inflation schedules

```go
ExampleInflationSchedules = []InflationSchedule{
    {
        StartTime: utils.ParseTime("2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        EndTime:   utils.ParseTime("2023-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        Amount:    sdk.NewInt(300000000000000),
    },
    {
        StartTime: utils.ParseTime("2023-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        EndTime:   utils.ParseTime("2024-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        Amount:    sdk.NewInt(200000000000000),
    },
}
```

Commit message:

feat!: add mint pool address for mint module

x/mint/spec/04_params.md, after:

<!--
order: 4
-->

# Parameters

The `mint` module contains the following parameters:

| Key                  | Type                | Example                                         |
|----------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| mint_denom           | string              | "stake"                                         |
| mint_pool_address    | string              | "cosmos17xpfvakm2amg962yls6f84z3kell8c5lserqta" |
| block_time_threshold | time.duration       | "10s"                                           |
| inflation_schedules  | []InflationSchedule |                                                 |

## MintDenom

MintDenom is the denomination of the coin to be minted.

## MintPoolAddress

MintPoolAddress is the account address where the inflation generated by the mint module will accumulate. The default is FeeCollector, but if it set FeeCollector, it could mix the minted inflation with the collected tx fee. Therefore, it is recommended to specify a separate address depending on the chain and staking reward can be sent to the FeeCollector through Budget module functionality

## BlockTimeThreshold

It is a parameter to prevent from inflationary manipulation attacks. Although it is highly unlikely to happen, block time manipulation can be possible with a group of malicious validators who have enough voting power. In case block time delays, `BlockTimeThreshold` will be used for `BlockDurationForInflation` to calculate inflation amount for the block. If the `BlockDurationForInflation` is greater than `BlockTimeThreshold`, the block generates with `BlockTimeThreshold` value. Therefore, it is possible that the actual minted amount is less than the defined inflation schedule amount.

## InflationSchedules

It is a list of inflation schedules to mint coins to be sent to the `MintPoolAddress` account. Each `InflationSchedule` defines start time, end time, and an amount of inflation. The start and end times of inflation schedules can't overlap from one another. While `StartTime` is inclusive of the current time, `EndTime` is exclusive. And, `Amount` for each schedule must be greater than the amount that is converted by subtracting the `EndTime` from the `StartTime` in seconds. Reference the `squad/x/mint/types/params.go` to fully understand them.

```go
type InflationSchedule struct {
	// start_time defines the start date time for the inflation schedule
    StartTime time.Time
	// end_time defines the end date time for the inflation schedule
    EndTime   time.Time
	// amount defines the total amount of inflation for the schedule
    Amount    sdk.Int
}
```

Example of inflation schedules

```go
ExampleInflationSchedules = []InflationSchedule{
    {
        StartTime: utils.ParseTime("2022-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        EndTime:   utils.ParseTime("2023-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        Amount:    sdk.NewInt(300000000000000),
    },
    {
        StartTime: utils.ParseTime("2023-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        EndTime:   utils.ParseTime("2024-01-01T00:00:00Z"),
        Amount:    sdk.NewInt(200000000000000),
    },
}
```
